I want to remind you guys that they're
still making for avatar sequels which is
why yesterday I asked you what do you
think the plot will be for avatar - here
are your highest framerate answers Oh
forgettable character oh other
forgettable character just want to say
how happy I am that there were multiple
answers just like this one half of it is
a previously on Avatar
yes we need that recap in the worst way
don't lie you don't remember what
happened here's your pizza man oh I have
no money maybe we can work something out
please make all four sequels a porn
parody of avatar
Gargamel's back and seeking his revenge
yeah who's the villain gonna be in the
sequel a different colored avatar Oh a
three-hour documentary of how they made
avatar - I can almost guarantee that
that would be more interesting than the
actual movie based on all the behind the
scenes photos the characters go on a
search to remember their names alright
there's Jake Sully there's Neytiri the
characters always call each other by
name thank you oh please mr. Cameron
please please please have them
constantly do that even if it sounds
unnatural
it's just trailers for the next six
films I mean to be fair marveled as a
and it works
a literal two and a half our tech demo
like the first one oh yeah she wowed she
this is a stellar burn the blue people
get their minds transferred to human
bodies comedy ensues this is a genuine a
plus idea it's a bit like Robert Downey
jr. and Tropic Thunder so for this
premise it would be a human playing and
Navi trying to be a human
yeah I'd watch that didn't know didn't
watch who cares
I'm gonna read Stephen King instead what
what Avatar 2 takes place following the
events of the first film with Shrek and
Donkey meeting Fiona's parents they go
on a quest to find where I asked this
how why and saved it ends with an epic
dance party where all the avatars dance
just feel this moment not enough movies
end like this
you know the emoji movie gets a lot of
hate the protagonist gets crippled
and has to use a wheelchair as an avatar
as well I mean that'd be kind of funny
because of the irony are the next four
movies just him switching avatars but he
keeps messing up who cares we all know
you're only gonna watch it for the hair
sex scenes yeah cuz they were hot too
many dogs avatar to a tale of blue
kitties thank you for making me waste my
life a little bit shopping this meme
blue people running around in a VR
forest for three hours
whatever James Cameron sees that they're
smoking a blunt he sees the future Sora
must collect the Kingdom Hearts to
restore the great Deku Tree to life
before they set out on a five movie long
journey to find the avatar but in the
end they found out the real avatar was
the avatar they made along the avatar I
teared up just reading that blue people
who are ugly do some things there are
now red people and the red and blue
people fight to the death and it's
really cool CGI shoot that also sounds
like a Marvel movie Fionna discovers
she's bisexual just use the plot from
the first one nobody would remember it
and finally the best answer to what the
plot of Avatar 2 will be nothing it's
just the butthole cut of cats 120 frames
8k with 10 more songs and James Corden
plays five of the cats god I'd love that
just want to remind you guys that
Klondike plushies are now available
under bite an all go to yacht store or
click the link in the description below
oh I have a question for you how would
you explain Tik Tok to your grandmother
leave your answers in the comments below
I'll pick my favorites in the next
zodavia please subscribe for eight more
avatars also click right here see the
previous episode uh here's the clip can
you shave my quarantine neck beard no
mm-hmm you got rid of the neck beard but
inexplicably turned me into a Karen
can't have a neck beard without a neck
haha
give it back okay so you got rid of my
neck beard but you turned me into one of
those idiot lockdown protesters